AGW-3732: Refactor Mule Oauth docs. (#182)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/mule-oauth-provider-landing-page.adoc

:meta-product: API Manager, Studio, Mule
:meta-applies-to:

> Mule OAuth 2.0 Provider is an OAuth 2.0 provider alternative developed by MuleSoft that can be used in any API Platform organization (including the Federated ones). It is the recommended initial solution pending future corporate investments in Enterprise specific OAuth 2.0 offerings like

Reviewer: `It is the recommended initial solution pending future corporate investments in Enterprise specific OAuth 2.0 offerings like` this is too difficult to read, maybe a comma somewhere or a small reformulation 🤔.

Author: Done.

PingFederate, OpenAM or OAuth providers supporting Open ID Connect.

The xref:external-oauth-2.0-token-validation-policy.adoc[Mule OAuth 2.0 access token enforcement policy] is designed to work with the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider.

== Getting the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider

> To run the Mule OAuth 2.0 Provider you have to deploy the provider to a runtime with API Gateway capabilities (either Mule runtime engine v3.x, Mule runtime engine v4.2.0 or later, or API Gateway v2.x.x) with the corresponding organization credentials correctly specified.

Reviewer: `, or API Gateway v2.x.x ` you name this here but there is no later section describing how to setup like with 3.x and 4.x, if it is the same as 3.x you can add the entry saying it is the same. (or remove it from here ;P )

Author: Done.

| Authorization
| /authorize
| Used to obtain a token when the client is running in a browser using a scripting language or the client is a web server.
| Access
| /access_token
| Used when the client is owned by the same entity as the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider or when the client himself is the same entity that owns the protected resource.
| Token revocation
| /revoke
| [Optional] Used to revoke a valid token, so it becomes invalid.
|===

=== Scopes

OAuth 2.0 https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#page-23[scopes] are a way to further limit access to a resource protected by OAuth. You may define words like `READ`, `WRITE`, or some other words that make sense in the context of your organization (eg. `CONTRACTOR`, `PUBLIC`, `EMPLOYEES_ONLY`, etc).

You can define scopes in three different places:

* In the universal set definition, `defaultScopes`, where you define all possible scopes.
  Example:
+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<oauth2-provider:config
  scopes="CONTRACTOR, PUBLIC_READ, EMPLOYEES_ONLY, WRITE"
  >
  ...
</oauth2-provider:config>
----
* In the validation endpoint, `/validate`, to enforce a particular subset of the previously defined scopes.

> * In the `Mule OAuth 2.0 access token enforcement` policy, where you can enforce scopes by specifying a space-separated list.

Reviewer: add that this will behave as an OR here (or if it behaves differently for 3.x and 4.x etc)

Author: Done.

== Example fragment using Mule v4.2.x or later

> [source,xml,linenums]

Reviewer: for more details check the link `blah blah ` (or say it can be found below)

Author: Done.

:meta-product: API Manager, Studio, Mule
:meta-applies-to:

> Mule OAuth 2.0 Provider is an OAuth 2.0 provider alternative developed by MuleSoft that can be used in any API Platform organization, including the Federated ones.

Reviewer 2: As noted in previous edit, and API platform is a a generic thing, not "owned" by any one company without that company's name before it and therefore not a proper noun: API platform.
Also, my search for Federated platform returned lowercase: federated platform. Unless you mean PingFederate.
Please do pay attention to my edits and do research if you do not know the Mule-specific answer, and let me know?
```suggestion
Mule OAuth 2.0 Provider is an OAuth 2.0 provider alternative developed by MuleSoft that can be used in any API platform organization, including organizations using PingFederate.
```
You later refer to "federated organizations." Please GLOBALLY standardize the terms used throughout a deliverable to one version.

Reviewer 3: Found only one occurrence of "federate" and changed that to lower case.

> The Mule OAuth 2.0 Provider, developed by Mulesoft, is an alternative for the OAuth 2.0, and can be used in any API Platform organization, including the Federated ones. The Mule OAuth 2.0 provider is the first-step solution for your OAuth 2.0 offerings.

Reviewer 2: I actually prefer the original wording. 
We don't want "the" **IF** "Provider" is part of the name. I see it here two ways, both Provider and provider.
alternative for > alternative to
By API Platform org do you mean MuleSoft Anypoint Platform org? or do you mean any API platform org?
Federated ones > Federated platforms? When I search online, I do not see Federated used with platform.
The second sentence is marketing language that adds no value.
As I said...I really think the original is better.

Author: In this context, Federated organization is an org with client management pointing at a third party OAuth provider: https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/managing-api-clients

Author: API Platform organization -> MuleSoft Anypoint Platform organization

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

> You must deploy the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider to a runtime with API gateway capabilities, for example, Mule runtime engine (Mule) 3.x, 4.2.0, or later, with the corresponding organization credentials. The following third party OAuth 2.0 providers are supported:

Reviewer 2: I made this copyedit before as well. Why are you not making these changes?
```suggestion
You must deploy Mule OAuth 2.0 Provider to a runtime with API gateway capabilities, such as Mule runtime engine (Mule) 3.x, 4.2.0, or later, with the corresponding organization credentials. The following third-party OAuth 2.0 providers are supported:
```

Reviewer 3: When I opened the file to edit, it was already lower case. Strange! I now changed all instances to "Mule OAuth 2.o Provider".

* PingFederate
* OpenAM
* OAuth 2.0 providers supporting Open ID Connect

> The xref:external-oauth-2.0-token-validation-policy.adoc[Mule OAuth 2.0 access token enforcement policy] is designed to work with the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider.

Reviewer 2: GLOBALLY fix: is the full name Mule OAuth Provider? If so, always capitalize Provider and do not precede with "the":
```suggestion
The xref:external-oauth-2.0-token-validation-policy.adoc[Mule OAuth 2.0 access token enforcement policy] is designed to work with Mule OAuth 2.0 Provider.
```

Reviewer 3: This is not talking about the provider but the policy.

> == Downloading the Mule OAuth 2.0 Provider

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Downloading Mule OAuth 2.0 Provider
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

> You can download the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider from Anypoint Exchange:

Reviewer 2: ditto; I will stop marking this. Please search for and fix throughout.

Reviewer 3: No more occurrences found! Done! Thanks!

> * Mule 3.x: See the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.templates/api-gateway-external-oauth2-provider/[External OAuth 2.0 server for Anypoint Platform].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Mule 3.x: See https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.templates/api-gateway-external-oauth2-provider/[External OAuth 2.0 Server for Anypoint Platform].
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

> * Mule 4.x: See the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.templates/api-gateway-oauth2-provider/[Mule OAuth 2.0 server for Anypoint Platform].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Mule 4.x: See https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.templates/api-gateway-oauth2-provider/[Mule OAuth 2.0 Server for Anypoint Platform].
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

+

> This feature is availble from Mule 4.2.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature is available in Mule 4.2.0 and later.
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

> == OAuth 2.0 dance

Reviewer 2: Use title-style capitalization:
```suggestion
== OAuth 2.0 Dance
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

The authentication performed by the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider, API, and client application conforms to RFC 6749. This authentication process is known as the xref:oauth-dance-about.adoc[OAuth 2.0 dance]. 

> Mule OAuth 2.0 provider supports all xref:oauth-grant-types-about.adoc[grant types]. The entity that requests access to a resource protected by Mule OAuth 2.0 access token enforcement policy is a `Client`.

Reviewer 2: the...policy:
```suggestion
Mule OAuth 2.0 provider supports all xref:oauth-grant-types-about.adoc[grant types]. The entity that requests access to a resource protected by the Mule OAuth 2.0 access token enforcement policy is a `Client`.
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

=== Endpoints

> The Mule OAuth 2.0 provider has the following endpoints that you can call in your API implementation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can call the following Mule OAuth 2.0 Provider endpoints in your API implementation:
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

image::mule-oauth-provider.png[height=150,width=250]

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a,a"]
|===

> | Purpose | Default path | Description

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Purpose | Default Path | Description
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

| Token validation
| /validate

> | Used to verify the validity of the token, whether the token is expired, revoked or fake. You can define more than one validation endpoint, each of them enforcing different scopes. For more information, see <<Scopes>>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Used to verify the validity of the token: whether the token is expired, revoked, or fake. You can define more than one validation endpoint, each of them enforcing different scopes. For more information, see <<Scopes>>.
```

Reviewer 2: Also, do you mean <<Implementing Scopes>>?

Reviewer 3: Not sure, but changed to <Scopes>.

| Authorization
| /authorize

> | Used to obtain a token when the client is running in a browser using a scripting language, or the client is a web server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Used to obtain a token when the client is running in a browser using a scripting language or when the client is a web server.
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

| Access
| /access_token
| Used when the client is owned by the same entity as the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider or when the client is the same entity as the protected resource owner.
| Token revocation
| /revoke
| [Optional] Used to revoke a valid token to render it invalid.
|===

=== Implementing Scopes 

> The OAuth 2.0 https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#page-23[scopes] enable you to further limit access to a resource protected by OAuth. You can define words, such as, `READ` and `WRITE`, or others specific to your organization, such as, `CONTRACTOR`, `PUBLIC`, `EMPLOYEES_ONLY`, and so on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The OAuth 2.0 https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#page-23[scopes] enable you to further limit access to a resource protected by OAuth. You can use terms such as `READ` and `WRITE`, or others specific to your organization, such as `CONTRACTOR`, `PUBLIC`, `EMPLOYEES_ONLY`, and so on.
```

Reviewer 3: Defining something is a typical coding terminology. So kept "define words" as is.

You can define scopes in three different places:

> * In the universal set definition, `defaultScopes`, where you define all possible scopes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* In the universal set definition, `defaultScopes`, where you define all possible scopes:
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

> Example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<oauth2-provider:config
  scopes="CONTRACTOR, PUBLIC_READ, EMPLOYEES_ONLY, WRITE"
  >
  ...
</oauth2-provider:config>
----
* In the `/validate` validation endpoint, to enforce a particular subset of the previously defined scopes.

> * In the Mule OAuth 2.0 Access Token Enforcement policy, where you can enforce scopes by specifying a space-separated list.

Reviewer 2: Note that you have previously lowercased this policy name. Please search for it and either capitalize it or lowercase it uniformly.

Reviewer 3: Capitalized all. Done Thanks!

+

> Specifying more than one scope enforces the `OR` logic. If the token to be validated has associated at least one of the requested scopes, the policy validates the token successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifying more than one scope enforces the `OR` logic. If the token to be validated is associated with at least one of the requested scopes, the policy validates the token successfully.
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

                                clientStore="clientObjectStore">
    		<oauth2-provider:token-config path="/access-token" tokenTtl="5" tokenTtlTimeUnit="SECONDS" tokenStore="tokenObjectStore">
                <oauth2-provider:refresh-token-strategy>
                    <oauth2-provider:single-refresh-token objectStore="refreshTokenObjectStore"/>
                </oauth2-provider:refresh-token-strategy>
            </oauth2-provider:token-config>
    		<oauth2-provider:authorization-config path="/authorize" authorizationCodeStore="authorizationCodeObjectStore"/>
    	</oauth2-provider:config>

        <flow name="validateToken">
            <http:listener path="/validate" config-ref="https.listener"/>
            <oauth2-provider:validate-token scopes="#[['PUBLIC_READ']]" config-ref="external-oauth2-provider" accessToken="#[attributes.queryParams.access_token]"/>
            <error-handler>
                <on-error-continue type="OAUTH2-PROVIDER:TOKEN_UNAUTHORIZED">
                    <set-payload value="UNAUTHORIZED_TOKEN"/>
                </on-error-continue>
            </error-handler>
        </flow>
...
----

> For complete information, see https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.templates/api-gateway-oauth2-provider/[Mule OAuth 2.0 server for Anypoint Platform].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For complete information, see https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.templates/api-gateway-oauth2-provider/[Mule OAuth 2.0 Server for Anypoint Platform].
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

== Client Application Cache

> To prevent any possible downtime of the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider due to errors when connecting to Anypoint Platform, the Mule OAuth Client Store caches each valid Client Application for which a token is requested.

Reviewer 2: I see no reason to capitalize client store or client application, which are generic things:
```suggestion
To prevent any possible downtime of the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider due to errors when connecting to Anypoint Platform, the Mule OAuth client store caches each valid client application for which a token is requested.
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

In the rare instance that the provider requests a new token when there is no connection available, the client store falls back to cache. The entries expire in 30 days, which is the default setting. To ensure service availability in case of a restart or lack of connection to Anypoint Platform, you can configure this range to persist the cache locally.

In case a client application for which a token already exists in the client store is removed from Anypoint Platform,
the client store removes the client from the cache on the next token request, mirroring the platform status. The mechanism that caches the result of a successful token validation is part of the xref:external-oauth-2.0-token-validation-policy.adoc[Mule OAuth 2.0 access token enforcement policy].

=== Customizing the Client Application Cache Mechanism

> The customization of the default values of the cache mechanism is outlined in this section. This feature is available for Mule 4.2.0 and later.

Reviewer 2: Why do we need the first sentence, which is self-referential?
Suggest replacing with something meaningful, or omitting:
```suggestion
The customization of the default values of the cache mechanism is available in Mule 4.2.0 and later.
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

The Object Store has two configurable properties:
[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a"]
|===

> | `anypoint.oauth_provider.cache_persistence_enabled`

Reviewer 2: We have introduced a list of two items, so should use list format:
```suggestion
| * `anypoint.oauth_provider.cache_persistence_enabled`
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

| Defines whether the caching mechanism should persist locally. The default value is `true` if the property is not set or cannot be parsed. Cache persistence allows client authorization without connection to Anypoint Platform.

> | `anypoint.oauth_provider.cache_ttl_days`

Reviewer 2: ditto:
```suggestion
| * `anypoint.oauth_provider.cache_ttl_days`
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

> | Represents how many days each Client Application should be cached by the OAuth Server. This value can be any positive floating point number. The default value is `30`, representing 30 days.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Represents how many days each client application should be cached by the OAuth Server. This value can be any positive floating-point number. The default value is `30`, representing 30 days.
```

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

:meta-product: API Manager, Studio, Mule
:meta-applies-to:

> The Mule OAuth 2.0 Provider is an alternative from MuleSoft for the OAuth 2.0 provider, and can be used in any API Platform organization, including the Federated ones. The Mule OAuth 2.0 provider is the first-step solution for your OAuth 2.0 offerings.

Author: The change changes the meaning. "OAuth 2.0 provider alternative" is no the same as "an alternative from MuleSoft for the OAuth 2.0 provider". In particular there is no canonical OAuth 2.0 provider as the *the* seems to imply.

Reviewer 3: Changed a bit. Kim please verify.

> You must deploy the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider to a runtime with API gateway capabilities, for example, Mule runtime engine (Mule) versions 3.x, 4.2.0, or later, with the corresponding organization credentials. The following third party OAuth 2.0 providers are supported:

Author: Is there a reason on why not using "v" as a prefix for versions? Eg v4.2.0. It's a standard practice in the industry, although not everyone uses it.

Reviewer 3: You can either use it with each version: v3.x, v4.2.0. Since we are talking about two version here, the use of "versions" works better here in my opinion. Kim?

Reviewer 2: I don't think you need either "version" or "v": take a look at how we present Mule OAuth 2.0. Think about how we commonly refer to updated software: Windows 13, OS 5, and so on.

FWIW, Salesforce uses all three:

For API and product version numbers:
Use _earlier_ instead of _lower_ or _below_, as in **Internet Explorer 6.0** and earlier.
Use _later_ instead of _above_, as in Internet Explorer 7.0 and later.
Include one decimal value for Salesforce API version numbers. Example: This object is available in **API version 35.0** and later.
For the Force.com IDE plug-in for Eclipse, use the format Major Release (**Force.com IDE vXX.X**), where vXX.X is the version number of the Eclipse plug-in. For example: Winter ’14 (Force.com IDE v32.0). The Force.com IDE version number is directly tied to the API version number, but the Force.com IDEhas an off-cycle release schedule.

Reviewer 3: removed "v" and "versions" Done!

* PingFederate
* OpenAM
* OAuth 2.0 providers supporting Open ID Connect

> The xref:external-oauth-2.0-token-validation-policy.adoc[Mule OAuth 2.0 access token enforcement policy] works with the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider.

Author: Changes the meaning of the statement. Works seem to imply that Mule OAuth 2.0 access token enforcement policy is one of several policies that can work with this, while we are stating that the Mule OAuth provider was designed with that particular policy in mind, and only that one.

Reviewer 3: changed reverted! Kim please verify and suggest the best alternative.

== Downloading the Mule OAuth 2.0 Provider

You can download the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider from Anypoint Exchange:

* Mule v3.x: See the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.templates/api-gateway-external-oauth2-provider/[External OAuth 2.0 server for Anypoint Platform].
* Mule v4.x: See the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.templates/api-gateway-oauth2-provider/[Mule OAuth 2.0 server for Anypoint Platform].
+
This feature is availble from Mule v4.2.0.

== OAuth 2.0 dance

> The authentication performed by the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider, API, and client application conforms to RFC 6749. This authentication process is known as the xref:oauth-dance-about.adoc[OAuth 2.0 dance]. 

Author: Why "authentication performed" is mentioned twice in the same paragraph?

Reviewer 3: I read it fine. Kim.

Reviewer 2: I see _authentication performed_ and _authentication process_ but no duplication?

Reviewer 2: Please RESOLVE and REMOVE comments from edit PRs.

> *Nahuel--why are we suddenly jumping to grant types and what is a client for the enforcement policy? There seems to be no connection.*

Author: Grant types is part of the OAuth 2.0 spec.

Reviewer 3: ok

> *Nahuel--why are we suddenly jumping to grant types and what is a client for the enforcement policy? There seems to be no connection.*

Author: There is no mention here of the Client ID enforcement policy. The document states for clarity that someone trying to access an API with the OAuth 2.0 policy applied, will be called from that point on as "Client".

Reviewer 3: ok

Mule OAuth 2.0 provider supports all xref:oauth-grant-types-about.adoc[grant types].

The entity that requests access to a resource protected by Mule OAuth 2.0 access token enforcement policy is a `Client`.

=== Endpoints

> *Nahuel--this section is not very clear. What is this section about? What about endpoints? What is it used for? What does it do for the customer?*

Author: The OAuth provider has URLs that can be called. An endpoint, in Mule parlance, is "An endpoint is the entry point to a service, a process, or a queue or topic destination in service-oriented architecture". So, in order to use this provider, you have to know what it offers, and where. Without this information, the customer has to dig into the code, or not use the provider at all.

Reviewer 3: Added this sentence:
The Mule OAuth 2.0 provider has the following endpoints that you can call in your API implementation:
You "must always" provide an intro text after a heading and before any sub-heading, graphic, or table. I needed the info for that.

Author: Ah! Ok. Then I would say something like instead "The Mule OAuth 2.0 provider has the following endpoints that you can call when performing the OAuth 2.0 dance, validating, or revoking a token." The provider endpoints are not related to an API or its implementation. The provider only cares for client applications created within the configured organization/sub organization.

image::mule-oauth-provider.png[height=150,width=250]

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a,a"]
|===
| Purpose | Default path | Description
| Token validation
| /validate
| Used to verify the validity of the token, whether the token is expired, revoked or fake. You can define more than one validation endpoint, each of them enforcing different scopes. For more information, see <<Scopes>>.
| Authorization
| /authorize
| Used to obtain a token when the client is running in a browser using a scripting language, or the client is a web server.
| Access
| /access_token
| Used when the client is owned by the same entity as the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider or when the client is the same entity as the protected resource owner.
| Token revocation
| /revoke
| [Optional] Used to revoke a valid token to render it invalid.
|===

=== Implementing Scopes 

> The OAuth 2.0 https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#page-23[scopes] enable you to further limit access to a resource protected by OAuth. You can define words, such as, `READ` and `WRITE`, or others specific to your organization, such as, `CONTRACTOR`, `PUBLIC`, `EMPLOYEES_ONLY`, and so on.

Author: enable -> enables

  ...
</oauth2-provider:config>
----
* In the `/validate` validation endpoint, to enforce a particular subset of the previously defined scopes.
* In the Mule OAuth 2.0 Access Token Enforcement policy, where you can enforce scopes by specifying a space-separated list.
+
Specifying more than one scope enforces the `OR` logic. If the token to be validated has associated at least one of the requested scopes, the policy validates the token successfully.

> Example of using scopes in Mule v4.2.x or later:

Author: Here we do have the "v" prefix.

Reviewer 3: Yes, as explained earlier.

Reviewer 2: See my comments above.

Reviewer 3: Done! Removed!

...
----

> For more information, see https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.templates/api-gateway-oauth2-provider/[Mule OAuth 2.0 server for Anypoint Platform].

Author: Changes the meaning. There is not more info there, but the asset itself.

Reviewer 3: Fixed!

== Client Application Cache

> To prevent any possible downtime of the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider, the Mule OAuth Client Store caches each valid Client Application for which a token is requested. The downtime can occur due to errors when connecting to Anypoint Platform.

Author: Changes the meaning. It is not any possible downtime, but specific ones, as stated originally.  The details at the end, negate the first statement in the corrected version.

Reviewer 3: Fixed!

> If the Mule OAuth 2.0 provider requests a new token during no connection, the OAuth 2.0 Client Store falls back to the cache. The entries expire in 30 days, which is the default setting. To ensure service availability in case of a restart or lack of connection to Anypoint Platform, you can configure this range to persist the cache locally.

Author: During no connection, seems to imply that it is an expected occurrence, which is not the case.

Reviewer 3: Kim please verify.

Reviewer 2: "If" implies that this can happen and, if it does, what the result is.
It does not imply expectation but nor does it imply rarity.

If you want to imply that lack of connection is _rare_, consider something like "In the rare instance that the provider requests a new token _when there is no connection available_, the client store falls back to cache."

"during no connection" sounds awkward; reword.

Author: "In the rare instance that.." is ok. Perhaps using "unlikely" instead of "rare"?

Reviewer 3: Done! Thanks!

In case a client application for which a token already exists in the client store is removed from Anypoint Platform,

> the client store removes the client from the cache on the next token request, mirroring the platform status. The mechanism that caches the result of a successful token validation performed by the xref:external-oauth-2.0-token-validation-policy.adoc[Mule OAuth 2.0 access token enforcement policy].

Author: Corrected comment unclear. Comment should be somthing like: The mechanism that caches the result of a successful token validation ***is part of*** the xref:external-oauth-2.0-token-validation-policy.adoc[Mule OAuth 2.0 access token enforcement policy].

Reviewer 3: typo: Is went missing. fixed now.

=== Customizing the Client Application Cache Mechanism

> *Nahuel--we need to add information about how this customization is performed? In what scenario would one need to customize it? What are the best practices. What is the object store? Why is it required?

Author: Object Store: https://docs.mulesoft.com/object-store/

When? This is a customization of the default values of the cache mechanism previously described.

Reviewer 3: As explained earlier.
